hello friends now i want you
show how moment is realized
withdrawals to your card and payment
system
you need to register yourself of course
epayments wallet
dot com there everything is according to the instructions
intuitively you bring your
data and also order a card
automatically you will already be open
wallet and so how does the back office
kairos technologies to implement
transfer to your own account
payment system and understand friends
see you take my bonuses from the section
translate into section collect press
transfer choose here is not current but
tanning yesterday translated nine hundred forty
five dollars by chance on a regular balance
soon where we call and inner
currency press sandra carry amount
transfer you confirm and within 5
minutes goes enrollment now see
when enrollment was in the section
salads have your balance increased by that
the amount you want to transfer
Click Ministry of Health then choose where
payments
there is an opportunity through swift choose
deployments enter the password is not a password
wallet number in water
write the amount of 70 dollars confirmation
code
my son's cat sent
we enter the mail by
registered copy this code
paste this code click can confirm
that's all president petition filed she
framed and for as far as me
known days money must come
about the system and catching you can also
There you can order your card and the card
get no there weeks or 2 for the whole
Express order is regular mail from
wake up already paid there 89 dollars
like and freely as possible
this money to your wallet and payments and
also shoot through your card given
systems everything is simple everything is clear and everything
This is the main thing for everyone while in touch
Yaroslav was still goodbye and so
partners you watched the video in which I
Applied for a new money on the system and
payments from company surplus account
kairos technology companies and now
once we go go to the salary section
a large history of 70 dollars received
in the section it is to output salt and i
made an order for withdrawal to your
own bms wallet system I thought
what
the example will take a day to be
wait at least a day to
money arrived but they arrived yesterday
go to your transaction section
own wallet and PMC and see 70
dollars which put new in
the account arrived at the wallet and payments
I have a company epayments for
service annual service removed
35 dollars now everything is paid but
You can already display completely where the numbers
and I want to say that you can
order a personal desk in and payments
and get in a week there after 2 and
already withdraw money through the card
also the payne system has
available transfer function between
accounts as far as I know it
generally has no commissions but
In principle, everything so that friends have already concluded
running campaign starts December 12th we
in with Mons
but the output is already working for everyone
has been yaroslav so far and until the following videos
goodbye
register wallets put money
bonus skill we write video allows
many people learn about this beautiful
business bye